Recent Articles on Sustainable solutions provided by top Software makers:
   
From https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/corporate-responsibility/sustainability
Microsoft's 2024 Environmental Sustainability Report:
Accelerating innovation
and partnership for people
and the planet
Brad Smith
Vice Chair and President
Melanie Nakagawa
Chief Sustainability Officer
Four years ago, Microsoft committed that by
2030 we would become carbon negative, water
positive, zero waste, and protect more land than
we use. Since that announcement, we have seen
major changes both in the technology sector and
in our understanding of what it will take to meet
our climate goals. New technologies, including
generative AI, hold promise for new innovations that
can help address the climate crisis. At the same time,
the infrastructure and electricity needed for these
technologies create new challenges for meeting
sustainability commitments across the tech sector.
As we take stock as a company in 2024, we remain
resolute in our commitment to meet our climate
goals and to empower others with the technology
needed to build a more sustainable future.
“ There is no issue today that
connects everyone on the
planet more than the issues
around climate change.”
At the end of last year, the world met in Dubai at
COP28 to assess global sustainability progress.
The results were sobering. The world is not on
track to meet critical climate goals, and we see
many of the world’s challenges reflected in our
own situation. During the past four years, we have
overcome multiple bottlenecks and have accelerated
progress in meaningful ways. As we report here, we
are on track in several areas. But not in every area.
We therefore are mobilizing to accelerate progress in
areas where we’re not yet on track.
In four areas we are on track, and in each of these
we see progress that has the potential to have
global impact beyond our own sustainability work.
These are:
Reducing our direct operational emissions
(Scope 1 and 2).
Accelerating carbon removal.
Designing for circularity to minimize waste and
reusing cloud hardware.
 Improving biodiversity and protecting more land
than we use.
At the same time, there are two areas where we’re
not yet on track, and in each of these we are
intensively engaged in work to identify and pursue
additional breakthroughs. These are:
Reducing our Scope 3, or indirect, emissions.
 Reducing water use and replenishing more water
than we consume in our datacenter operations.
Even amid the challenges, we remain optimistic.
We’re encouraged by ongoing progress across our
campuses and datacenters, and throughout our
value chain. Even more, we’re inspired by the scores
of executives and employees across Microsoft who
are rolling up their sleeves and identifying new and
innovative steps that are helping us to close critical
gaps. We all recognize the same thing: there is no
issue today that connects everyone on the planet
more than the issues around climate change. We all
need to succeed together.
Carbon negative
Our carbon negative commitment includes
three primary areas: reducing carbon emissions,
increasing use of carbon-free electricity, and
carbon removal. We made meaningful progress
on carbon-free electricity and carbon removal in
FY23. Microsoft has taken a first-mover approach to
supporting carbon-free electricity infrastructure,
making long-term investments to bring more carbonfree electricity onto the grids where we operate.



Foreword continued
In 2023, we increased our contracted portfolio of
renewable energy assets to more than 19.8 gigawatts
(GW), including projects in 21 countries. In FY23,
we also contracted 5,015,019 metric tons of carbon
removal to be retired over the next 15 years. We are
continuing to build a portfolio of projects, balanced
across low, medium, and high durability solutions.
Carbon reduction continues to be an area of
focus, especially as we work to address Scope
3 emissions. In 2023, we saw our Scope 1 and 2
emissions decrease by 6.3% from our 2020 baseline.
This area remains on track to meet our goals. But our
indirect emissions (Scope 3) increased by 30.9%.
In aggregate, across all Scopes 1–3, Microsoft’s
emissions are up 29.1% from the 2020 baseline.
The rise in our Scope 3 emissions primarily comes
from the construction of more datacenters and
the associated embodied carbon in building
materials, as well as hardware components such as
semiconductors, servers, and racks. Our challenges
are in part unique to our position as a leading cloud
supplier that is expanding its datacenters. But even
more, we reflect the challenges the world must
overcome to develop and use greener concrete,
steel, fuels, and chips. These are the biggest drivers
of our Scope 3 challenges.
We have launched a company-wide initiative to
identify and develop the added measures we’ll
need to reduce our Scope 3 emissions.
Leaders in every area of the company have stepped
up to sponsor and drive this work. This led to the
development of more than 80 discrete and significant
measures that will help us reduce these emissions—
including a new requirement for select scale, highvolume suppliers to use 100% carbon-free electricity
for Microsoft delivered goods and services by 2030.
As a whole, this work builds on our multi-prong
strategy, this year focusing on the following:
1 Improving measurement by harnessing the
power of digital technology to garner better
insight and action.
2 Increasing efficiency by applying datacenter
innovations that improve efficiency as quickly
as possible.
3 Forging partnerships to accelerate technology
breakthroughs through our investments and AI
capabilities, including for greener steel, concrete,
and fuels.
4 Building markets by using our purchasing
power to accelerate market demand for these
types of breakthroughs.
5 Advocating for public policy changes that will
accelerate climate advances.
Water positive
We take a holistic approach to becoming
water positive, which includes water access,
replenishment, innovation, reduction, and policy.
In 2023, we achieved our water access target by
providing more than 1.5 million people with access to
clean water and sanitation solutions. We contracted
water replenishment projects estimated to provide
more than 25 million m3
 in volumetric water benefit
over the lifetime of these projects—enough water
to fill about 10,000 Olympic sized swimming pools.
Finally, we continue to drive innovation in water,
through first-of-their kind replenishment projects like
FIDO, which leverages AI-enabled acoustic analysis
to reduce water loss from leakage.
Looking ahead, as our datacenter business continues
to grow, so does the need to minimize our water
consumption and replenish more than we consume
in these operations. In FY23 our progress on water
accelerated, and we know we need to implement
an even stronger plan to accelerate it further.
We therefore are investing in our water positive
commitment in four ways:
1 We are taking action to reduce the intensity
with which we withdraw resources by
continuing to design and innovate in order to
minimize water use and achieve our
intensity target.
2 Our new datacenters are designed and
optimized to support AI workloads and will
consume zero water for cooling. This initiative aims
to further reduce our global reliance on freshwater
resources as AI compute demands increase.
3 We are partnering to advance water policy.
In 2023, we joined the Coalition for Water
Recycling. Over the coming year we will finalize a
position and strategy for water policy.
4 We are developing innovative scalable
replenishment projects in high water stress
locations where we operate datacenters.
We recently announced Water United, a new
initiative to unite public and private sectors in
reducing water loss from leakage across the
Colorado River Basin.
Zero waste
Our journey to zero waste includes reducing waste
at our campuses and datacenters, advancing circular
cloud hardware and packaging, and improving
device and packaging circularity. In FY23, we
achieved a reuse and recycle rate of 89.4% for
servers and components across all cloud hardware,
a target that is increasingly important as needs for
cloud services continue to grow. In 2023, we also
diverted more than 18,537 metric tons of waste from
landfills or incinerators across our owned datacenters
and campuses, and we reduced single-use plastics in
our Microsoft product packaging to 2.7%.
Overview 05
Overview Microsoft sustainability Customer sustainability Global sustainability Appendix 06
Foreword continued
From expanding our Circular Centers to piloting
programs that give a second life to used fiber optic
cables through partnerships with local technical
schools, we are working to keep materials in use
longer and approach our work at every stage with
circularity in mind. We are accelerating our work to
reuse and recycle cloud hardware wherever possible,
and launched two new Circular Centers in Quincy,
Washington and Chicago, Illinois in 2023.
Protecting ecosystems
We have committed to protect more land than
we use by 2025, while preserving and restoring
ecosystems in the areas where we live and work.
As of FY23, we exceeded our land protection target
by more than 40%. At this point, 15,849 acres of
land have been legally designated as permanently
protected compared to our goal of 11,000 acres.
We are incorporating green business practices
that support the surrounding ecosystems near
our campuses and datacenters. This includes
regenerative design solutions around our datacenters
that enhance local biodiversity, improved stormwater
management, and contributing to climate resilience.
We are also piloting AI-driven Microsoft technology
to provide insights into the overall health of the
ecosystem and inform future actions.
Customer and global sustainability
In last year’s Environmental Sustainability Report,
we announced that we were expanding our
ambition to help advance sustainability for our
customers and the world. In 2023, we continued
this work to empower our customers and partners
on their own sustainability journey by creating the
technology needed to better manage resources and
optimize systems. On a global scale, we focused
on accelerating innovation, research, and policy,
not only for ourselves but also to support a more
sustainable world for all.
The shift from pledges to progress requires action,
transparency, and accountability. Microsoft Cloud
for Sustainability is helping customers unify data
and garner richer insights into the sustainability
of their business. In 2023, we expanded Microsoft
Sustainability Manager to include Scopes 1, 2, and
all 15 categories of Scope 3 carbon emissions to
help track progress and inform action across an
organization’s operations and value chains.
As the world experiences worsening impacts of
climate change, we are also helping to put planetary
data into the hands of researchers, governments,
companies, and individuals through the Planetary
Computer. We are providing open access to
petabytes of environmental monitoring data to help
empower people with actionable information to
protect their communities.
Microsoft’s sustainability progress requires global
engagement. We are investing in innovative
solutions, advancing research, and advocating
for policies that we believe can drive progress
at scale. A hallmark of this effort has been our
Climate Innovation Fund (CIF)—our $1 billion
commitment set in 2020 to advance innovation
beyond Microsoft’s four walls. To date the CIF has
allocated $761 million toward innovative climate
technologies1
 including commercial direct air
capture technologies, sustainable aviation fuel (SAF),
industrial decarbonization, and more.
Our science, research, and AI for Good teams are
also working to accelerate solutions and develop
climate resilience with AI. In November 2023, we
published a whitepaper and playbook that expands
on the incredible potential of AI for sustainability.
Through our AI for Good team, we are collaborating
with the United Nations to research the use of AI
to advance the Early Warning for All Initiative, with
a goal of better understanding the populations
that may be at risk of extreme weather events and
other threats.
“The shift from pledges to
progress requires action,
transparency, and accountability.”
Last year, Microsoft CEO Satya Nadella called climate
change “the defining issue of our generation.” To
meet this generational challenge, we are putting
sustainability at the center of our work. With each
emerging technology, with each new opportunity,
we ask ourselves an important question: how can we
advance sustainability?
As we strive to answer that question, we are
developing new approaches, experimenting with
new partnerships, and learning as we go. We are
optimistic about the role technology can continue
to play in accelerating climate progress, and we
look forward to working with others on this critical
journey for all of us.

From 
https://sustainability.aboutamazon.com/products-services/aws-cloud
AWS Cloud
Amazon Web Services (AWS) is the world’s most comprehensive and broadly adopted cloud offering, with millions of global users depending on it every day. To build a sustainable business for our customers and for the world we all share, we’re designing data centers that provide the efficient, resilient service our customers expect while minimizing our environmental footprint—and theirs.
Progress
4.1x
AWS infrastructure is up to 4.1 times more energy efficient than on-premises and can reduce workloads’ carbon footprintMore info about
 by up to 99%

A person walks down an aisle in a data center. 
7B+
liters of water will be returned each year to local communities through AWS’s water replenishment efforts

An irrigation system mists water on rows of leafy green crops. 
100%
of electricity consumed by Amazon was matched with renewable energyMore info about
 sources in 2023

100%

Our approach
Our sustainability work includes enhancing energy efficiency, transitioning to carbon-free energy, reducing 
embodied carbon
More info about
, using water responsibly, driving a 
circular economy
More info about
, and enabling sustainability for customers.
Increasing efficiency
We focus on efficiency across all aspects of our infrastructure, from the design of our data centers and hardware, to modeling the performance of our operations for continually enhanced efficiency. By continually improving our efficiency, we can reduce the amount of energy needed to operate our data centers.
An aerial view of an Amazon facility with lights on at night. A person wearing headphones and an AWS sweatshirt examines items in a data center.A person examines large pipes in a utility room. A computer chip sits on a dark table. 
Power usage effectiveness
AWS has provided cloud services to customers for nearly 18 years, and continues to innovate to increase efficiency with each generation of our data center designs. As AWS builds new data centers, we seek the optimal balance between energy and water use. The new data center components in AWS data center design are projected to reduce mechanical energy consumption by up to 46%, reduce embodied carbon in the concrete used by 35%, and deliver a power usage effectiveness (PUE) rating to 1.08. PUE is one way we measure the efficiency of our data center operations. A lower PUE indicates a more efficient data center and a PUE score of 1.0 is perfect. AWS calculates PUE using the internationally-recognized principles of the International Organization for Standardization in line with our PUE Methodology.


In 2023, AWS data centers had a global PUE of 1.15, and our best performing site was in Europe with a PUE of 1.04. In the Americas, our best performing site has a PUE of 1.05, and in Asia Pacific it is 1.08. These ratings are below the IDC estimated PUE of 1.84 in 2023 for on-premises data centers.

See available regions PUE , opens in a new tab
Efficiency of scale
Our scale allows us to achieve higher resource utilization and energy efficiency than the typical 
on-premises
More info about
 data center. A study released by Accenture and AWS estimates running optimized workloads on AWS’s infrastructure is up to 4.1 times more efficient than on-premises and can reduce workloads’ carbon footprint by up to 99%.
Download How Moving onto The AWS Cloud Reduces Carbon Emissions   , opens in a new tab
Predicting performance
We use advanced modeling methods, such as computational fluid dynamics tools, to optimize our data center design. This allows us to understand how a data center will perform before it’s built, enabling us to optimize for higher reliability and energy efficiency in our systems. Once our data centers are operational, real-time, physics-based models allow us to further improve and optimize our designs. We build these custom models using AWS services and weather datasets from the Amazon Sustainability Data Initiative to predict system performance for our sites and track their performance against how they should be operating.
Cooling efficiency
Cooling is one of the largest sources of energy usage in our data centers and we’re continually innovating in cooling efficiency. We use different cooling techniques depending on the time of year and use real-time sensor data to adapt to changing weather conditions. We’re also working to optimize the longevity and airflow performance of the cooling equipment used in our data center cooling systems.
Power efficiency
One of the most visible ways we’re using innovation to improve power efficiency is our investment in AWS chips.
Learn more , opens in a new tab
See how Amazon Web Services is enabling sustainability solutions.
Visit AWS
Visit AWS
, opens in a new tab
A close-up view from the side of a wind turbine. 
A person wearing safety equipment stands in front of solar panels. 
Carbon-free energy
We're proud that in 2023, we've achieved our goal to match 100% of the electricity consumed across our operations with renewable energy—a commitment we've met seven years ahead of our original 2030 goal.
Explore carbon-free energy
Explore carbon-free energy
Rows of solar panels in a desert climate. 
Renewable energy
We procure renewable power from utility-scale wind and solar projects that add new sources of carbon-free energy to the grid. These new renewable energy projects support hundreds of jobs while providing hundreds of millions of dollars of investment in local communities. We may support these grids through the purchase of environmental attributes, like 
Renewable Energy Certificates
More info about
 and Guarantees of Origin, in line with our Renewable Energy Methodology.

 

Amazon’s energy supply from utilities, combined with the renewable energy we procure across the U.S., means that 100% of the electricity consumed by 22 AWS data center regions is matched by renewable energy sources.

View all regions 
Reducing embodied carbon
We’re focused on reducing the indirect emissions associated with building AWS data centers and the manufacturing of our hardware.


1
3
Lower-carbon concrete and steel
We’re working to reduce the embodied carbon of materials like concrete and steel, which are used to build our data centers. Embodied carbon is emitted during the extraction, manufacturing, and transportation of materials to construction sites. In 2023, AWS built 36 data centers with lower-carbon concrete and 31 data centers with lower-carbon steel.
Concrete and steel beam infrastructure set with blue sky in the background. 
A person wheels a box of computer equipment down rows of server hardware. 
An ambiguous image of bubbles on a yellow surface. 
Prioritizing a circular economy
AWS embraces circular economy principles for its server racks by designing reusable and lower-carbon rack systems from the outset. In addition, AWS works to keep equipment operating efficiently and to recover value from securely decommissioned equipment through reuse, repair, and recycling. By working to maximize resource value for as long as possible, AWS reduces waste generation from its global operations, decreases the use of 
raw materials
More info about
, and reduces carbon emissions across its 
supply chain
More info about
. As a result, in 2023, 14.6 million hardware components were diverted from landfills by being recycled or sold into the secondary market for reuse.

Design better



Operate longer



Recover more




Committed to being water positive
At Amazon, we know that water is a precious resource. AWS is committed to being 
water positive
More info about
 by 2030 and making more water available to the communities where we operate.


From https://sustainability.google/
A more sustainable future through information and innovation.
Since our earliest days, we’ve been on an ambitious journey to help build a more sustainable future.

Through our products, we aim to empower individuals, cities, and partners to collectively reduce 1 gigaton of their carbon equivalent emissions annually by 2030. For ourselves, we have a bold goal to reach net-zero emissions across all of our operations and value chain, which includes running on 24/7 carbon-free energy (CFE)9 on every grid where we operate.

A sustainable future requires systems-level change, strong government policies, and new technologies. We know that AI has the potential to help solve some of climate’s biggest challenges. Scaling AI and using it to accelerate climate action will be just as crucial as addressing the environmental impact associated with it.

We’re committed to collaboration and playing our part, every step of the way.

The Rødby Fjord solar project adds carbon-free energy to the grid that powers our data center in Fredericia, Denmark
The Rødby Fjord solar project adds carbon-free energy to the grid that powers our data center in Fredericia, Denmark
An aerial view of an industrial facility at dusk, with bright yellow and orange lights illuminating buildings and piping against a bare dirt ground.
Google’s next-generation geothermal site in Nevada, in collaboration with clean-energy startup Fervo
AI for sustainability
At Google, we have a unique opportunity to help lead the transition to a more sustainable future by using AI to make climate information more accessible and understandable, and to drive innovation forward.


Bold
We’re using AI to boldly accelerate the research and design of potential climate change solutions to mitigate, adapt, and build foundational capabilities for the transition to a decarbonized world.

Learn more

Responsible
We’re committed to developing AI responsibly and working to address the environmental impact associated with it.

Learn more

Together
We believe that all of us—policymakers, industry leaders, and civil society—must work together to responsibly harness AI’s potential for climate action and ensure it benefits everyone.

Learn more
Every action counts
If we work together, there’s no limit to what we can do to help individuals, communities, and businesses mitigate and adapt to climate change.

A couple charges their electric vehicle at a charging station with trees in the background.

Discover ways to take action
See how our products can help you make more sustainable choices.

Learn more

Support your organization
Get the information you need to make thoughtful decisions around reducing your organization’s emissions and achieving your sustainability goals.

Learn more

See what we’re doing
Learn how we’re driving innovation in climate and clean energy through our own operations.

Learn more
Working together toward 1 GT
Through our products, we aim to help individuals, cities, and other partners collectively reduce 1 gigaton of their carbon equivalent emissions annually by 2030.

Man wearing a backpack and helmet riding a bicycle

Google Maps

Choose the most fuel-efficient route
Learn more

Google Shopping

Shop for more efficient appliances for your home
Learn more

Google Flights

Find a flight with lower per-traveler carbon emissions
Learn more

Google Nest

Make an impact right from home
Learn more

Google Earth Engine

Explore earth science data analysis at a planetary scale
Learn more

Environmental Insights Explorer

Build a resilient, sustainable future for your city or region
Learn more
Creating sustainable impact at scale
See how we’re sharing the innovations we create and the lessons we learn to help accelerate the global transition to a carbon-free future.

Learn more
Net-zero carbon
Water stewardship
Circular economy
Nature & biodiversity
Solar panels being installed at the solar project that powers our data center in Fredericia, Denmark
Solar panels being installed at the solar project that powers our data center in Fredericia, Denmark
Pursuing net-zero emissions through technology and innovation
We use energy to power our products and to run our operations, including our data centers and offices. For our third decade of climate action, we’re pursuing net-zero emissions across our operations and value chain by 2030.7 This is supported by our ambitious clean energy goal to operate our data centers and office campuses on 24/7 carbon-free energy, such as solar and wind.9
Learn More
An illustration of a house and a solar power plant among trees and plants.
How we’re helping everyone benefit from the transition to clean energy
A sustainable future means decarbonizing the electricity grid for everyone.

View story
A photograph of offshore wind farms
Aiming to get closer to a carbon-free future: Our largest offshore wind projects to date
With our latest power purchase agreements, we’re adding over 700 megawatts of clean energy capacity to European grids.

View story
A graphic showing carbon-free energy technologies against a green landscape.
A new initiative with Microsoft and Nucor to accelerate advanced clean electricity technologies
We’re developing a new demand aggregation model to help bring first-of-its-kind commercial projects to the market.

View story
Cover image of a white paper titled: The Corporate Role in Accelerating Advanced Clean Electricity Technologies
The Corporate Role in Accelerating Advanced Clean Electricity Technologies
How companies can play a catalytic role by directing some of their clean energy purchases and investments to support the commercialization of these technologies.

View report
View of Google's Bay View campus at dusk
Bay View, an all-electric, net water positive campus with the largest geothermal installation in North America, and the first campus designed by Google. Photo by Iwan Baanis
Advancing water stewardship
We use water to help cool our data centers, and in our offices around the world. We strive to be responsible stewards of every resource we use, including water.

We aim to replenish 120% of the freshwater8 volume we consume, on average, across our offices and data centers by 2030, and to help restore and improve the quality of water and health of ecosystems in the communities where we operate.

Learn more
Multiple satellite images of earth showing the effects of climate change on different aspects of the natural world.
Learn about freshwater on World Water Day
A new “Freshwater” hub has launched to explore some of the ways we can take action to preserve the most important resource for life on our blue planet.

View story
The Tuolumne and San Joaquin Rivers in California
How we’re supporting our commitment to water stewardship
A look at four innovative initiatives that support water security in communities where we operate.

View story
Passage of Water project video
Discover the link between climate change and freshwater availability
Making up only 3.5% of Earth’s total water volume, freshwater is increasingly impacted by human activity, from climate change to unsustainable over-use.

View story
Image inside of a data center
Our commitment to climate-conscious data center cooling
We take a climate-conscious approach to cooling our data centers as we continue to deliver on our commitments to champion responsible water use and operate on 24/7 carbon-free energy9 by 2030.

View story
Pixel + Nest products which include the Nest Doorbell, Nest Wifi Pro, Pixel 7, and Pixel Watch
Accelerating a circular economy
Our work toward a more circular economy cuts across all our core business operations including our data centers, workplaces, and consumer hardware products, and spans the entire value chain from safer chemistry and manufacturing waste to electronic waste recycling and eliminating single-use plastics.

We aim to maximize the reuse of finite resources across our operations, products, and supply chains and enable others to do the same.

Learn more
A gloved hand reaches for a plastic water bottle lying on a beach.
7 ways we’re helping to reduce plastic pollution
We’re making it easier to find recycling locations, shop for pre-owned items, create efficient waste management processes, and more.

View story
[home-page]_image2_xYhzegw.webp
How Recykal aims to build Asia’s largest circular economy marketplace using Google AI
Recykal’s 500-strong team is rethinking India’s recycling ecosystem. Powered by Google AI, the startup says it has created the fastest-growing waste commerce marketplace in Asia.

View story
A group photo of the Single-Use Plastics Challenge finalists
Tackling single-use plastics: How 5 innovative companies rise to the challenge
The Single-Use Plastics Challenge—hosted in collaboration with Canteen and other food service partners—gave food companies with packaging that is free of single-use plastic the opportunity to test their solutions in Google’s U.S.-based cafés and kitchens.

View story
Cover image of a white paper titled: Google & Repairability: Full Report
Google & Repairability
Learn about Google’s viewpoint on Right to Repair legislation, a short description of Google’s current repair capacities, and how it can advance Google’s overall sustainability efforts.

View report
A butterfly lands on small white flowers
Striving to protect and enhance nature and biodiversity through our campuses and technology
Preserving nature is critical both to mitigating climate change and adapting to it.

With hundreds of offices around the world, Google is mindful of the potential impact on local nature and biodiversity on our campuses and in the surrounding communities and ecosystems. Our aim is for nature and people to flourish together in the spaces that Google calls home.

Learn more
Dr Emma Spencer and her team reviewing images on an Eyes on Recovery wildlife camera in the Blue Mountains National Park, surrounded by trees and nature
AI reveals signs of recovery in areas devastated by bushfires
While many ecosystems are still recovering following Australia’s devastating 2019-20 summer bushfires, we see signs of hope—with the help of AI.

View story
Colorful illustration of numerous animals in a forest
Learn about wildlife conservation with Rewild the World
World Wildlife Fund and Google Arts & Culture partnered together for Rewild the World, a new educational project that brings focus to four threatened species and their habitats: tigers, gorillas, polar bears, and sea turtles.

View story
An orange and black monarch butterfly rests on a purple flower.
Helping California’s monarch butterflies: an update
Our efforts to support this struggling species show promising signs of progress.

View story
An illustrated map of species found across Google's Bay View and Charleston East campuses, including birds, wasps, butterflies, frogs, foxes, oak trees and willow groves.
How we’re restoring native habitats in Silicon Valley
Google’s real estate and ecology teams are working to restore critical habitats like oak woodlands and willow groves across our Bay Area campuses.

View story
